# DS210-Final-Project
I am interested in investigating the relationship and structure of video game review data. By identifying whether there are clear clusters or communities within this network, I gain insight into customers preferences, which can lead to new market strategies for targeting the community who buys games. To perform this I will be performing a six degrees of separation by using breadth-first search and shortest path. The vertices (nodes) represents the reviewersID and games (ASIN), the edges represents the interactions between the entities. For example, if reviewer “A1” has reviewed “B1”, then there is an edge between vertex A1 and B1. This graph will be an indirect graph as there is no direction, but if there is an edge from a reviewer to a game, it implies a mutual connection. 

Within my code, I will be parsing the dataset containing the reviews and entry links to a reviewer ID and game ID. By using this data, we construct a graph where the vertices represent both the reviewers and the games, while the edges represent the relationship between them. To execute this, I will be using a “HashMaps” to represents the adjacency list fo the graph, where each key-value pair consists of a vertex and its corresponding connected vertices. After parsing the data, we will create a graph then utlize algorithms Breadth First Search to analyze the graph properties. I will be computing the average shortest path between vertices and through utlizing BFS for each vertex to calculate shortest path to other vertices. As well as implementing a function to test if the graph follows the “six degrees of separation” principle, which asserts that vertices should be connected by six or fewer edges. Finally, I will write test code to validate our graph implementations and ensure it behaves as expected. 
